docs/accomodation.md, before:

# Sprint Accommodation

*The recommendations below are based on our personal experience. There are also plenty of options on AirBnb and [Booking.com](http://Booking.com/).* 

## Senator residence

> 5 mins walk to the villa. Recently renovated apartment complex with good facilities including kitchen with a dishwasher, a washing machine, and a terrace. There is a chilly shared pool with sun beds, surrounded by a small well maintained garden. The complex is a bit remote from the downtown and the beach (15-20 mins walk) so it has quiet, relaxed vibe. The sunsets are amazing in Senator!
> 

- [White Suite Deluxe](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/white-suite-deluxe.en-gb.html?dest_type=city&matching_block_id=751750401_339233406_2_0_0&checkin=2023-10-16&no_rooms=1&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&atlas_src=sr_iw_title&auth_success=1&dest_id=-403957&group_children=0&aid=304142&checkout=2023-10-22&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&room1=A&ucfs=1&group_adults=1&=)
- [Canaryislandshost l Arena Beach](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/arena-beach-suites.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=839296101_350441075_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Marina Senator](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/marina-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=803874001_342397143_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Luxury Senator Apartments](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/luxury-senator-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=764449202_333842437_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Lanzarote Blue Senator](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/lanzarote-blue-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=753473501_331977265_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Castillo de Luz](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/castillo-de-luz.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=868438203_355358604_1_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Senator Isla de Lobos 2](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamento-isla-de-lobos-ii.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=760287602_376614559_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Apartamento Aguamarina Senator](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamento-aguamarina-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=1026076601_375356713_1_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [The Ocean View Senator modern apartment](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/amazing-ocean-view-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=816477202_344148336_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1#tab-main)

## Apartamentos El Guarapo

> 12 mins walk to the villa. The apartments facilities are basic, all have a small kitchen and a balcony (or terrace), and washing machines are shared in the common area. There is a nice bar onsite offering good food and drinks, but it is open only till afternoon. The swimming pool is usually packed and not that inviting. The complex is close to a small beach and a picturesque promenade along the shore. Be sure to book an upper floor apartment.
> 

- [Apartamentos El Guarapo](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamentos-guarapo.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=22&hapos=142&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689516873&all_sr_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&highlighted_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&matching_block_id=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&sr_pri_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0__56299)

## Hotel ****Oasis Lanz Beach Mate****

> 12 mins walk to the villa. The location of the hotel is a few steps to the beach and the downtown with multiple bars and restaurants. The hotel is beautifully designed and modern with a nice pool and a bar on site. Keep in mind that this is a hotel and its standard rooms don’t have a kitchen or a washing machine.
> 

- [Oasis Lanz Beach Mate](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/oasis-lanz-club.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=28&hapos=148&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689516873&all_sr_blocks=26939813_88205902_0_2_0&highlighted_blocks=26939813_88205902_0_2_0&matching_block_id=26939813_88205902_0_2_0&sr_pri_blocks=26939813_88205902_0_2_0__57629&from_sustainable_property_sr=1) [](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamentos-guarapo.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=22&hapos=142&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689516873&all_sr_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&highlighted_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&matching_block_id=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&sr_pri_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0__56299)

## Hotel ****Barceló Teguise Beach - Adults Only****

> 15 mins walk to the villa. It’s a high quality beautiful package hotel, very close to the beach and the downtown, has a lot of various facilities typical for package hotels.
> 

- [Barceló Teguise Beach - Adults Only](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/barcelo-teguise-beach-adults-only.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=12&hapos=162&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689517463&all_sr_blocks=9437556_90090878_1_1_0&highlighted_blocks=9437556_90090878_1_1_0&matching_block_id=9437556_90090878_1_1_0&sr_pri_blocks=9437556_90090878_1_1_0__68460&from_sustainable_property_sr=1)

## ****H10 Suites Lanzarote Gardens****

> 8 mins to the villa and across the road to the main beach of Costa Teguise. The hotel is only recommended If you’re coming with kids. Not a good choice otherwise, as the hotel is focused on activities for kids, and there is non-stop multi-stream animation throughout the day and loud music in the evenings.
> 

- [H10 Suites Lanzarote Gardens](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/h10-suites-lanzarote-gardens.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&all_sr_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;dest_id=-403957;dest_type=city;dist=0;group_adults=1;group_children=0;hapos=155;highlighted_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;hpos=5;matching_block_id=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;no_rooms=1;req_adults=1;req_children=0;room1=A;sb_price_type=total;sr_order=price;sr_pri_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0__65500;srepoch=1689517463;srpvid=6327627f36c30300;type=total;ucfs=1&)

*Some of the places we don’t recommend (based on our experience)*

- Apartment Golden and apartment Golden 2. The apartments are remote, with old facilities and the neighbourhood is not so nice.
- Teguisol complex. A lot of construction on site and too far away from the downtown and the villa. However, you may find cost-effective options there.

Commit message:

Add private villas to accommodation list

docs/accomodation.md, after:

# Sprint Accommodation

*The recommendations below are based on our personal experience. There are also plenty of options on AirBnb and [Booking.com](http://Booking.com/).* 

## Villasun

Privately owned villas in the same street as Niteo House, the sprint venue. 1 to 5 minute walk away. Before booking, confirm with the owner how far is the distance to Niteo House. They are not listed on airbnb/booking.com, you need to book directly on their website: https://www.villasun.net/


## Senator residence

> 5 mins walk to the villa. Recently renovated apartment complex with good facilities including kitchen with a dishwasher, a washing machine, and a terrace. There is a chilly shared pool with sun beds, surrounded by a small well maintained garden. The complex is a bit remote from the downtown and the beach (15-20 mins walk) so it has quiet, relaxed vibe. The sunsets are amazing in Senator!
> 

- [White Suite Deluxe](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/white-suite-deluxe.en-gb.html?dest_type=city&matching_block_id=751750401_339233406_2_0_0&checkin=2023-10-16&no_rooms=1&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&atlas_src=sr_iw_title&auth_success=1&dest_id=-403957&group_children=0&aid=304142&checkout=2023-10-22&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&room1=A&ucfs=1&group_adults=1&=)
- [Canaryislandshost l Arena Beach](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/arena-beach-suites.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=839296101_350441075_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Marina Senator](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/marina-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=803874001_342397143_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Luxury Senator Apartments](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/luxury-senator-apartment.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=764449202_333842437_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Lanzarote Blue Senator](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/lanzarote-blue-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=753473501_331977265_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Castillo de Luz](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/castillo-de-luz.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=868438203_355358604_1_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Senator Isla de Lobos 2](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamento-isla-de-lobos-ii.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=760287602_376614559_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [Apartamento Aguamarina Senator](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamento-aguamarina-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=1026076601_375356713_1_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1)
- [The Ocean View Senator modern apartment](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/amazing-ocean-view-senator.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&room1=A&;group_adults=1;group_children=0;no_rooms=1;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;matching_block_id=816477202_344148336_2_0_0;atlas_src=sr_iw_title;ucfs=1#tab-main)

## Apartamentos El Guarapo

> 12 mins walk to the villa. The apartments facilities are basic, all have a small kitchen and a balcony (or terrace), and washing machines are shared in the common area. There is a nice bar onsite offering good food and drinks, but it is open only till afternoon. The swimming pool is usually packed and not that inviting. The complex is close to a small beach and a picturesque promenade along the shore. Be sure to book an upper floor apartment.
> 

- [Apartamentos El Guarapo](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamentos-guarapo.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=22&hapos=142&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689516873&all_sr_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&highlighted_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&matching_block_id=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&sr_pri_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0__56299)

## Hotel ****Oasis Lanz Beach Mate****

> 12 mins walk to the villa. The location of the hotel is a few steps to the beach and the downtown with multiple bars and restaurants. The hotel is beautifully designed and modern with a nice pool and a bar on site. Keep in mind that this is a hotel and its standard rooms don’t have a kitchen or a washing machine.
> 

- [Oasis Lanz Beach Mate](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/oasis-lanz-club.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=28&hapos=148&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689516873&all_sr_blocks=26939813_88205902_0_2_0&highlighted_blocks=26939813_88205902_0_2_0&matching_block_id=26939813_88205902_0_2_0&sr_pri_blocks=26939813_88205902_0_2_0__57629&from_sustainable_property_sr=1) [](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/apartamentos-guarapo.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=22&hapos=142&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689516873&all_sr_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&highlighted_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&matching_block_id=2386419_341983880_1_2_0&sr_pri_blocks=2386419_341983880_1_2_0__56299)

## Hotel ****Barceló Teguise Beach - Adults Only****

> 15 mins walk to the villa. It’s a high quality beautiful package hotel, very close to the beach and the downtown, has a lot of various facilities typical for package hotels.
> 

- [Barceló Teguise Beach - Adults Only](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/barcelo-teguise-beach-adults-only.en-gb.html?label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=cfd966acc78ca8f886a3641263eaecc1&aid=304142&ucfs=1&arphpl=1&checkin=2023-10-16&checkout=2023-10-22&dest_id=-403957&dest_type=city&group_adults=1&req_adults=1&no_rooms=1&group_children=0&req_children=0&hpos=12&hapos=162&sr_order=price&srpvid=6327627f36c30300&srepoch=1689517463&all_sr_blocks=9437556_90090878_1_1_0&highlighted_blocks=9437556_90090878_1_1_0&matching_block_id=9437556_90090878_1_1_0&sr_pri_blocks=9437556_90090878_1_1_0__68460&from_sustainable_property_sr=1)

## ****H10 Suites Lanzarote Gardens****

> 8 mins to the villa and across the road to the main beach of Costa Teguise. The hotel is only recommended If you’re coming with kids. Not a good choice otherwise, as the hotel is focused on activities for kids, and there is non-stop multi-stream animation throughout the day and loud music in the evenings.
> 

- [H10 Suites Lanzarote Gardens](https://www.booking.com/hotel/es/h10-suites-lanzarote-gardens.en-gb.html?aid=304142&label=gen173nr-1FCAEoggI46AdIM1gEaEaIAQKYAQm4AQfIAQ3YAQHoAQH4AQuIAgGoAgO4Auztz6UGwAIB0gIkMmE1YzIyZjQtYzk0Zi00YTA1LTlkZjMtZWVmZjViZjhmOTli2AIG4AIB&sid=e33104905ca7ea3fa8ec1fa3652f962b&all_sr_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;checkin=2023-10-16;checkout=2023-10-22;dest_id=-403957;dest_type=city;dist=0;group_adults=1;group_children=0;hapos=155;highlighted_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;hpos=5;matching_block_id=9063318_204171578_0_41_0;no_rooms=1;req_adults=1;req_children=0;room1=A;sb_price_type=total;sr_order=price;sr_pri_blocks=9063318_204171578_0_41_0__65500;srepoch=1689517463;srpvid=6327627f36c30300;type=total;ucfs=1&)

*Some of the places we don’t recommend (based on our experience)*

- Apartment Golden and apartment Golden 2. The apartments are remote, with old facilities and the neighbourhood is not so nice.
- Teguisol complex. A lot of construction on site and too far away from the downtown and the villa. However, you may find cost-effective options there.
