docs/index.md, before:

# NixOS Ocean Sprint 2023

*What*

:    A week of intense hacking [on Nix](https://nix.dev) near the ocean.

*When*          
:    16/10/2023 - 20/10/2023 (Mon - Fri)  

*Where*
:    [Villa with FTTH on Lanzarote, Canary Islands.](https://house.niteo.co/)

*Who* 
:    ~30 developers.

## 📍 Location

[Costa Tequise, Lanzarote](https://goo.gl/maps/etSV5TSRLdFtDAX67)

The sprint will take place outside under pavilion tents (for sunshine protection) in a villa with a pool.

Withing a 5 minute walk you can reach:

- one of the best beaches in Lanzarote, where you can swim, jog, snorkel, SUP, surf and windsurf,
- a local supermarket that is open every day from 8AM to 10PM,
- a pharmacy and a bakery,
- 5km long beachside promenade with free outside gyms,
- a steakhouse, a burger joint and an authentic Spanish tapas tavern,
- an assortment of other various cafes, pubs and bars, restaurants, etc.

![4E4777C1-52FD-4E50-B898-DD5736A2DC22_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/4E4777C1-52FD-4E50-B898-DD5736A2DC22_1_105_c.jpg)

![91E58F1A-4D28-44FF-8AF6-575DC2225737_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/91E58F1A-4D28-44FF-8AF6-575DC2225737_1_105_c.jpg)

![97E6581A-B5B1-4965-A0DA-FE3294E779BA_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/97E6581A-B5B1-4965-A0DA-FE3294E779BA_1_105_c.jpg)

![561D6434-B6CD-4FE9-88A3-A7C7951979D9_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/561D6434-B6CD-4FE9-88A3-A7C7951979D9_1_105_c.jpg)

![91387BDE-3654-4AA2-9D1C-9C3E7E0B9005_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/91387BDE-3654-4AA2-9D1C-9C3E7E0B9005_1_105_c.jpg)

## 🏘️ Accommodation

Once you are approved participant for the sprint, we'll get everyone to a shared communication room to help organize accomodation.

Note that the accomodation is not covered by the sprint budget.

If you are planning to come with your family and/or stay longer, [Nejc Zupan](https://twitter.com/nzupan) has written a [remote worker's guide to Lanzarote](https://github.com/zupo/awesome-lanzarote).

See [Accomodations](./accomodation.md) for a list of suggestions.

## 🍲 Food

We'll organize catering (breakfast and lunch) during the sprint, which is paid by the sponsors.

There are a ton of options for dinners in nearby restaurants.

## 🔥 Registration

Closed.

## 🧵 Topics

To be determined once registration closes based on attendees interest.

## 🛬 Travel

The best way to travel is [via a plane to Lanzarote airport](https://www.google.com/travel/flights/search?tfs=CBwQAhojagwIAxIIL20vMDk0N2wSCjIwMjEtMTEtMjdyBwgBEgNBQ0UaI2oHCAESA0FDRRIKMjAyMS0xMi0wM3IMCAMSCC9tLzA5NDdscAGCAQsI____________AUABSAGYAQE). 

It's also possible to fly to other island airports and then take a short flight or a ferry (Fuertaventura is closest being 30min away).

## 🥳 Stuff to do on Lanzarote

- First-class surfing location with [verified instructors](http://www.watermanlanzarote.com/)
- Kitesurfing and windsurfing
- Wingfoiling
- Yoga
- [Paragliding](https://www.famaraiso.es/)
- Visiting the Timanfaya vulcano and eating fish grilled on lava
- [Cycling and mountain biking](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attractions-g187477-Activities-c61-t214-Lanzarote_Canary_Islands.html)
- Vulcano hiking
- [Culture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%C3%A9sar_Manrique)
- Gastronomy
- Sailing
- Cave sightseeing
- Diving

## 💙 Sponsors

We're looking for sponsors to cover expenses such as venue, catering, T-shirt printing and some of the activities.

Please help us make this a productive event by chipping in, so we can focus on coding instead of grocery shopping and cooking.

Our target budget is 15000 EUR. Reach out to [sponsors@oceansprint.org](mailto:sponsors@oceansprint.org).

| Level      | Contribution (EUR) | Perks                        |
|------------|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Gold       | 4000               | Company + Large logo on the T-shirt, 2 total reserved seats, shoutout during dinner, SWAG. |
| Company    | 1500               | Individual + Logo on the T-shirt, company name on name tag + 1 reserved seat.              |
| Individual | 500                | Logo on the website.                                                                       |

### 🏆 Gold

![mercury](./assets/logos/mercury.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![numtide](./assets/logos/numtide.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![secunet](./assets/logos/secunet.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![nixos](./assets/logos/nixos.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![casper](./assets/logos/casper.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}

### 🏢 Company

![Cyberus Technology](./assets/logos/cyberus.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![Flox](./assets/logos/flox.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![Flokli](./assets/logos/flokli.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![Namespace Labs](./assets/logos/namespace.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![supercede](./assets/logos/supercede.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}

### 💻 Individual

![Hercules CI](./assets/2022-2/hercules-logo-rendered-960.png){: style="width:200px; margin:20px"}
![Nixcademy](./assets/logos/nixcademy.svg){: style="width:200px; margin:20px"}

- Ryan Hill


## 🧑 Participants

- Alejandro Sanchez Medina
- Arian
- Chloe Kever
- David Hauer
- Florian Klink
- Gabriel Doriath Döhler
- Ilan Joselevich
- Jacek Galowicz
- Jean-François Roche
- Jezen Thomas
- Johannes Kirschbauer
- Jonas Chevalier
- Jörg Thalheim
- Julian Stecklina
- Julien Malka
- lassulus
- Laurens Duijvesteijn
- Linus Heckemann
- Marijan Petricevic
- Michael Hoang
- Michael Schneider
- Niklas Sturm
- Paul Haerle
- Ryan Lahfa (RaitoBezarius)
- Sander Melnikov
- Sergei Kozlukov
- Tom Berek
- Tom Sydney Kerckhove
- Valentin Gagarin

## 🎖️ Organizers

- Domen Kožar, long time contributor to NixOS, organizer of Zidanca Sprint
- Nejc Zupan, recently converted NixOS evangelist, organizer of Sauna Sprint
- Florian Friesdorf, long time contributor to NixOS

Commit message:

add more information how to get here

docs/index.md, after:

# NixOS Ocean Sprint 2023

*What*

:    A week of intense hacking [on Nix](https://nix.dev) near the ocean.

*When*          
:    16/10/2023 - 20/10/2023 (Mon - Fri)  

*Where*
:    [Villa with FTTH on Lanzarote, Canary Islands.](https://house.niteo.co/)

*Who* 
:    ~30 developers.

## 📍 Location

[Costa Tequise, Lanzarote](https://goo.gl/maps/etSV5TSRLdFtDAX67)

The sprint will take place outside under pavilion tents (for sunshine protection) in a villa with a pool.

Withing a 5 minute walk you can reach:

- one of the best beaches in Lanzarote, where you can swim, jog, snorkel, SUP, surf and windsurf,
- a local supermarket that is open every day from 8AM to 10PM,
- a pharmacy and a bakery,
- 5km long beachside promenade with free outside gyms,
- a steakhouse, a burger joint and an authentic Spanish tapas tavern,
- an assortment of other various cafes, pubs and bars, restaurants, etc.

![4E4777C1-52FD-4E50-B898-DD5736A2DC22_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/4E4777C1-52FD-4E50-B898-DD5736A2DC22_1_105_c.jpg)

![91E58F1A-4D28-44FF-8AF6-575DC2225737_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/91E58F1A-4D28-44FF-8AF6-575DC2225737_1_105_c.jpg)

![97E6581A-B5B1-4965-A0DA-FE3294E779BA_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/97E6581A-B5B1-4965-A0DA-FE3294E779BA_1_105_c.jpg)

![561D6434-B6CD-4FE9-88A3-A7C7951979D9_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/561D6434-B6CD-4FE9-88A3-A7C7951979D9_1_105_c.jpg)

![91387BDE-3654-4AA2-9D1C-9C3E7E0B9005_1_105_c.jpg](assets/2022-2/91387BDE-3654-4AA2-9D1C-9C3E7E0B9005_1_105_c.jpg)

## 🏘️ Accommodation

Once you are approved participant for the sprint, we'll get everyone to a shared communication room to help organize accomodation.

Note that the accomodation is not covered by the sprint budget.

If you are planning to come with your family and/or stay longer, [Nejc Zupan](https://twitter.com/nzupan) has written a [remote worker's guide to Lanzarote](https://github.com/zupo/awesome-lanzarote).

See [Accomodations](./accomodation.md) for a list of suggestions.

## 🍲 Food

We'll organize catering (breakfast and lunch) during the sprint, which is paid by the sponsors.

There are a ton of options for dinners in nearby restaurants.

## 🔥 Registration

Closed.

## 🧵 Topics

To be determined once registration closes based on attendees interest.

## 🛬 How to get here

The best way to travel is [via a plane to Lanzarote airport](https://www.flightconnections.com/flights-to-lanzarote-arrecife-ace). 

It's also possible to fly to other island airports and then take a short flight. Fuertaventura is closest being 30min away with a ferry.

From the Lanzarote airport you can take a taxi to the venue, they have a flat rate and it should be around 20-25 EUR.

[Renting a car](https://autoreisen.com/) is usually quite cheap, around 100-150 eur for the week.

## 🥳 Stuff to do on Lanzarote

- First-class surfing location with [verified instructors](http://www.watermanlanzarote.com/)
- Kitesurfing and windsurfing
- Wingfoiling
- Yoga
- [Paragliding](https://www.famaraiso.es/)
- Visiting the Timanfaya vulcano and eating fish grilled on lava
- [Cycling and mountain biking](https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attractions-g187477-Activities-c61-t214-Lanzarote_Canary_Islands.html)
- Vulcano hiking
- [Culture](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/C%C3%A9sar_Manrique)
- Gastronomy
- Sailing
- Cave sightseeing
- Diving

## 💙 Sponsors

We're looking for sponsors to cover expenses such as venue, catering, T-shirt printing and some of the activities.

Please help us make this a productive event by chipping in, so we can focus on coding instead of grocery shopping and cooking.

Our target budget is 15000 EUR. Reach out to [sponsors@oceansprint.org](mailto:sponsors@oceansprint.org).

| Level      | Contribution (EUR) | Perks                        |
|------------|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Gold       | 4000               | Company + Large logo on the T-shirt, 2 total reserved seats, shoutout during dinner, SWAG. |
| Company    | 1500               | Individual + Logo on the T-shirt, company name on name tag + 1 reserved seat.              |
| Individual | 500                | Logo on the website.                                                                       |

### 🏆 Gold

![mercury](./assets/logos/mercury.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![numtide](./assets/logos/numtide.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![secunet](./assets/logos/secunet.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![nixos](./assets/logos/nixos.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}
![casper](./assets/logos/casper.svg){: style="width:400px; margin:20px"}

### 🏢 Company

![Cyberus Technology](./assets/logos/cyberus.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![Flox](./assets/logos/flox.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![Flokli](./assets/logos/flokli.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![Namespace Labs](./assets/logos/namespace.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}
![supercede](./assets/logos/supercede.svg){: style="width:250px; margin:20px"}

### 💻 Individual

![Hercules CI](./assets/2022-2/hercules-logo-rendered-960.png){: style="width:200px; margin:20px"}
![Nixcademy](./assets/logos/nixcademy.svg){: style="width:200px; margin:20px"}

- Ryan Hill


## 🧑 Participants

- Alejandro Sanchez Medina
- Arian
- Chloe Kever
- David Hauer
- Florian Klink
- Gabriel Doriath Döhler
- Ilan Joselevich
- Jacek Galowicz
- Jean-François Roche
- Jezen Thomas
- Johannes Kirschbauer
- Jonas Chevalier
- Jörg Thalheim
- Julian Stecklina
- Julien Malka
- lassulus
- Laurens Duijvesteijn
- Linus Heckemann
- Marijan Petricevic
- Michael Hoang
- Michael Schneider
- Niklas Sturm
- Paul Haerle
- Ryan Lahfa (RaitoBezarius)
- Sander Melnikov
- Sergei Kozlukov
- Tom Berek
- Tom Sydney Kerckhove
- Valentin Gagarin

## 🎖️ Organizers

- Domen Kožar, long time contributor to NixOS, organizer of Zidanca Sprint
- Nejc Zupan, recently converted NixOS evangelist, organizer of Sauna Sprint
- Florian Friesdorf, long time contributor to NixOS
